Atacama QOL && new filtering/subsampling sections (#472)
qiime2/docs: source/tutorials/atacama-soils.rst

     --m-barcodes-column barcode-sequence \
     --p-rev-comp-mapping-barcodes \
     --i-seqs emp-paired-end-sequences.qza \
     --o-per-sample-sequences demux-full.qza \
     --o-error-correction-details demux-details.qza

Let's subsample the data. We will perform this subsampling in this tutorial
for two reasons - one, to speed up the tutorial run time, and two, to
demonstrate the functionality.

> .. warning:: The following example of subsampling reads is meant to

Reviewer: Love this. Do we want to be more explicit that e.g. "Subsampling reads is not a generally recommended approach to performing analyses"?

Author: Thanks! I don't agree with the idea that "subsampling reads is not a generally recommended approach to performing analyses" - its just not common in our analyses!

>    illustrate the subsampling capability of ``q2-demux``, if you are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   illustrate the subsampling capability of ``q2-demux``. If you are
```

   considering subsampling the reads of a study, please make sure you have
   thought it through and have reasonable justification.

.. command-block::

   qiime demux subsample-paired \
     --i-sequences demux-full.qza \
     --p-fraction 0.3 \
     --o-subsampled-sequences demux-subsample.qza

   qiime demux summarize \
     --i-data demux-subsample.qza \
     --o-visualization demux-subsample.qzv

Let's take a look at the summary in ``demux-subsample.qzv``. In the
"Per-sample sequence counts" table on the "Overview" tab, there are 75
samples in the data. If we look at the last 20 or so rows in the table,
though, we will observe that many samples have fewer than 100 reads in them -
let's filter those samples out of the data:

.. warning:: The following example of filtering samples is meant to
   illustrate the filtering capability of ``q2-demux``, if you are
   considering filtering samples out of a study, please make sure you have
   thought it through and have reasonable justification.

.. command-block::

   qiime tools export \
     --input-path demux-subsample.qzv \
     --output-path ./demux-subsample/

> 

Reviewer: Slick example of `export`, `m-metadata`, and `p-where` all rolled into one!

   illustrate the subsampling capability of ``q2-demux``. If you are
   considering subsampling the reads of a study, please make sure you have
   thought it through and have reasonable justification.

.. command-block::

   qiime demux subsample-paired \
     --i-sequences demux-full.qza \
     --p-fraction 0.3 \
     --o-subsampled-sequences demux-subsample.qza

   qiime demux summarize \
     --i-data demux-subsample.qza \
     --o-visualization demux-subsample.qzv

Let's take a look at the summary in ``demux-subsample.qzv``. In the
"Per-sample sequence counts" table on the "Overview" tab, there are 75
samples in the data. If we look at the last 20 or so rows in the table,
though, we will observe that many samples have fewer than 100 reads in them -
let's filter those samples out of the data:

.. warning:: The following example of filtering samples is meant to
   illustrate the filtering capability of ``q2-demux``, if you are
   considering filtering samples out of a study, please make sure you have
   thought it through and have reasonable justification.

.. command-block::

   qiime tools export \
     --input-path demux-subsample.qzv \
     --output-path ./demux-subsample/

>    qiime demux filter-samples \

Reviewer: Sorry I missed this in the first pass, @thermokarst, but this code is failing on my machine _using 2020.2 10% data_. Doing some troubleshooting, and will edit this comment as I go.

Reviewer: Confirmed: the `Sample name` column header this .tsv has appears not to be compliant for reading as metadata. Have you had different results on your machine or with your data?

Author: Are you running a dev env with the latest staging? The CSV->TSV change is a week or two old now.

Author: `make preview DEBUG=tutorials/atacama-soils` against the latest staging runs to completion.

Reviewer: Mine's probably just outside two weeks. I'll bump it and see what I get. Thanks for your patience!

Reviewer: All good with latest staging. Thanks for pointing me in the right direction.

     --o-representative-sequences rep-seqs.qza \
     --o-denoising-stats denoising-stats.qza

> At this stage, you will have artifacts containing the feature table and
> corresponding feature sequences. You can generate summaries of those as
> follows, as well as for the DADA2 denoising stats.

Author: ```suggestion
At this stage, you will have artifacts containing the feature table,
corresponding feature sequences, and DADA2 denoising stats. You
can generate summaries of these as follows.
```

At this stage, you will have artifacts containing the feature table and
corresponding feature sequences. You can generate summaries of those as

> follows.

Reviewer: How do you feel about this:
`At this stage, you will have artifacts containing the feature table,`
`corresponding feature sequences, and DADA2 denoising stats. You`
`can generate summaries of these as follows.`

Reviewer: Sorry, couldn't figure out how to set this up as a multi-line suggestion - GH is complaining because there's a deleted line included. :shrug:

Author: To do a multiline comment, click and drag in the gutter next to the line numbers (same place you click for doing a single-line comment. Once the comment is started, suggesting a change will cover all lines selected). I applied your change below.
